hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so the
polka phone f1 from Xiaomi is a device
that got a lot of attention when it
launched because of its price point it
has amazing specs for the price X so
this thing launched for the equivalent
of like $300 u.s. in India and it was
just I mean that that's a price point
that gets a lot of eyeballs so I've been
using this for a little while and I
thought I'd give you my thoughts on this
film so the specs of this phone are
fantastic it has a lot of the features
of flagship phones while being very
competitively priced it's not every day
that you see a snapdragon 845 with
liquid cooling and four thousand
milliamp hour battery for three hundred
dollars the screen is high-res it's got
a headphone jack microSD this thing is
packed with great features now when you
hold it it's a nice weight it's
comfortable to hold it doesn't have any
weird curvature or sharp edges to the
device it's a great phone to hold the
plastic however feels cheap I hate using
that word because cheap implies like I
mean there's a lot of negative
connotation of that word but it just
doesn't feel particularly premium when
you hold other devices like an aluminum
or a glass packed phone it's just after
using this for a week and switching back
to a oneplus even just picking up a one
plus six which isn't like a super
premium phone but it has good material
design it feels so much more elegant and
just more polished of a product the
plastic on this device is noticeably
less premium when you pick it up you
know that it's a plastic device now I do
like the fact that it's plastic for a
couple of reasons one it keeps the cost
down but two on the one plus six so this
is something I've been using for a while
when you drop an aluminum phone forget
about the fragility of glass just the
frame can dent quite easily I drop this
on the bathroom floor it's now dented
and it looks well it's not a big deal
but it dents you drop this at that same
height it wouldn't even leave a mark on
the plastic that's just the nature of a
plastic phone it's more resilient to
stuff like that other things i like the
face unlock upfront it's a fast unlock
and it has an infrared light for
nighttime use I also like the stereo
speakers and honestly that was
surprising me I did not expect these to
have stereo speakers like when I looked
at the original spec sheet but just my
mind didn't even think that I would have
stereo speakers and they sound good
they're loud they're stereo and well I
like stereo speakers on my phone I also
like the battery light
it's a four thousand milliamp hour
battery it's still not a comfortable
2-day battery but you can easily do a
full day of heavy use on a single charge
the screen it's an IPS screen not an
OLED so the colors aren't as vibrant the
blacks aren't as black like they're just
not super inky you can tell that it's an
IPS panel but it's a really good IPS
panel this is an aspect of the phone
that I thought that would cheap out on
the poco phone is like $200 cheaper than
the one plus six the one plus six has a
better screen it's more vibrant it's an
OLED panel but the poco phone has an
amazing screen for the money it's bright
it's pretty color accurate and I
wouldn't expect a screen like this on a
$300 phone the notch however is big I
think it's actually bigger than the
iPhone notch and there's a pretty
sizable chin on the bottom it's not an
ugly look or anything it's just compared
to other flagship devices that have like
a Snapdragon a 45 those are bigger but I
mean for 300 bucks I let it slide the
notification lights actually on the
bottom and this actually took me a while
to get used to I think it's because all
the other Android phones of use has had
the notification light up top but this
phone has it on the bottom just above
the USBC port so you just have to train
your eye to look down there instead of
up top for that light there are some
other deficiencies the big one for me is
the lack of NFC so this phone does not
support NFC payments and I guess it
depends on where you live and what you
do with your phone I'm someone that uses
Google payments pretty regularly I live
in Canada most of the retailers out
there support NFC payment so this phone
doesn't have it I can't use it which is
a bummer for me but I understand like
the market that this phone was
originally intended for maybe they don't
have a lot of NFC enabled stuff so it
would've been nice for this phone to
have NFC but it doesn't the camera is
also expected ly weak I'm not bothered
by it I've been using a lot of budget
phones recently particularly the one
plus six which also doesn't have an
amazing camera but the poco phone f1 has
a noticeably worse camera particularly
in low-light so for daylight photos it's
fine the camera launches fast the
focusing is fast but for low-light
photos the pocke phone has quite a bit
of grain in them okay software it's
running Xiaomi Z Mui I don't love the
software it's just personal preference
there's nothing inherently wrong with it
and it has an app drawer which is a
little different for a Xiaomi phone but
I just don't love the software I'll
probably run a launcher on this phone so
the pocket phone f1 is an incredible
value at 300
dollarz it's gonna be very difficult to
get a better phone for that kind of
money that being said it's actually very
difficult to get it at 300 bucks I think
realistically speaking if you're gonna
buy this in North America you're gonna
have to spend like 350 maybe 400 bucks
to get this phone just because of import
taxes and buying it from Haitian
websites and stuff it's still a good
phone at $400 just as not a steal of a
product the brand Paco phone I think
they have a bright future this is like
the first phone Shammi did a great job
on this thing and yeah if your interest
in this phone and you have 300 bucks
you're wondering if it's worth it
it absolutely is okay hope you guys
enjoy this phone this video thumbs we
liked it subs we loved it
see you guys next time